README.md, before:

### Hey there, I'm Jay!
I'm a software engineer interested in robotics, machine learning, and software engineering!

- Email: jaykatyan@gmail.com
- LinkedIn: [Jay Katyan | LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jkatyan/)
- Discord: [datastructure | Discord](https://discordapp.com/users/297524766770987018)

---

**CS Coursework**  
*Private repositories, permission required!*

- [CS 2104 - Problem Solving in Computer Science](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-2104)
  - Python
  - Machine learning, SQL, Postman, regex, cybersecurity
- [CS 2114 - Software Design & Data Structures](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-2114)
  - Java
  - Linked lists, stacks, queues, binary trees, searching/sorting algorithms
- [CS 2505 - Computer Organization I](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-2505)
  - C, x86 Assembly
  - Information representation, computer arithmetic, arithmetic/logic units, control unit design, basic computer organization
- [CS 2506 - Computer Organization II](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-2506)
  - C, RISC-V Assembly
  - Instruction formats and construction, addressing modes, instruction execution, memory hierarchy operation and performance, pipelining, input/output, relationships between high level programming languages and machine language.
- [CS 3114 - Data Structures & Algorithms](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-3114)
  - Java
  - Time and space complexity analysis, graph traversal algorithms, divide-and-conquer algorithms, searching/sorting algorithms, advanced data structures, computational geometry
- [CS 3214 - Computer Systems](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-3214)
  - C, x86 Assembly
  - Operating systems design and architectures, processes, threads, synchronization techniques, deadlock, CPU scheduling, system call interfaces, system level I/O and file management, shell programming, separate compilation, loading and linking, inter-process communication (IPC), virtual and physical memory management and garbage collection, network protocols and programming, virtualization, performance analysis and optimization.
- [CS 3304 - Comparative Languages](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-3304)  
  - Rust, Pascal, Haskell, Scala, Racket, Ruby, Prolog, C++ 
  - Design, implementation, and application of programming languages. Syntax, semantics, binding, and functional, logic and object-oriented programming. 
- [CS 4824 - Machine Learning](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-4824)
  - Python
  - Probability distributions, MLE, regression, classification, decision tree, boosting, kernel methods, clustering, mixture models, graphical models, deep learning, and advanced topics (e.g., anomaly detection, crowdsourcing, fairness learning, and meta learning).

---

**Robotics Projects**

- [DJI RoboMaster - Summer 2020](https://github.com/Jkatyan/DJI-Robomaster-2020)
- [VEX Robotics - 2020/2021](https://github.com/Jkatyan/2602H-2020-2021)
- [VEX Robotics - 2019/2020](https://github.com/Jkatyan/2602H-2019-2020)
- [VEX Robotics Odometry](https://github.com/Jkatyan/Odometry)

Commit message:

Revise introduction and update contact details
Updated personal introduction and contact information to reflect current interests and email.

README.md, after:

### Hey there, I'm Jay!

I'm a software engineer and researcher interested in full-stack AI integration, embodied intelligence, and continual learning. Feel free to contact me at <a href="mailto:jkatyan@upenn.edu">jkatyan@upenn.edu</a> or <a href="https://discordapp.com/users/297524766770987018">datastructure</a> on Discord.

---

**CS Coursework**  
*Private repositories, permission required!*

- [CS 2104 - Problem Solving in Computer Science](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-2104)
  - Python
  - Machine learning, SQL, Postman, regex, cybersecurity
- [CS 2114 - Software Design & Data Structures](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-2114)
  - Java
  - Linked lists, stacks, queues, binary trees, searching/sorting algorithms
- [CS 2505 - Computer Organization I](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-2505)
  - C, x86 Assembly
  - Information representation, computer arithmetic, arithmetic/logic units, control unit design, basic computer organization
- [CS 2506 - Computer Organization II](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-2506)
  - C, RISC-V Assembly
  - Instruction formats and construction, addressing modes, instruction execution, memory hierarchy operation and performance, pipelining, input/output, relationships between high level programming languages and machine language.
- [CS 3114 - Data Structures & Algorithms](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-3114)
  - Java
  - Time and space complexity analysis, graph traversal algorithms, divide-and-conquer algorithms, searching/sorting algorithms, advanced data structures, computational geometry
- [CS 3214 - Computer Systems](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-3214)
  - C, x86 Assembly
  - Operating systems design and architectures, processes, threads, synchronization techniques, deadlock, CPU scheduling, system call interfaces, system level I/O and file management, shell programming, separate compilation, loading and linking, inter-process communication (IPC), virtual and physical memory management and garbage collection, network protocols and programming, virtualization, performance analysis and optimization.
- [CS 3304 - Comparative Languages](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-3304)  
  - Rust, Pascal, Haskell, Scala, Racket, Ruby, Prolog, C++ 
  - Design, implementation, and application of programming languages. Syntax, semantics, binding, and functional, logic and object-oriented programming. 
- [CS 4824 - Machine Learning](https://github.com/Jkatyan/CS-4824)
  - Python
  - Probability distributions, MLE, regression, classification, decision tree, boosting, kernel methods, clustering, mixture models, graphical models, deep learning, and advanced topics (e.g., anomaly detection, crowdsourcing, fairness learning, and meta learning).

---

**Robotics Projects**

- [DJI RoboMaster - Summer 2020](https://github.com/Jkatyan/DJI-Robomaster-2020)
- [VEX Robotics - 2020/2021](https://github.com/Jkatyan/2602H-2020-2021)
- [VEX Robotics - 2019/2020](https://github.com/Jkatyan/2602H-2019-2020)
- [VEX Robotics Odometry](https://github.com/Jkatyan/Odometry)
